Provide jsonschema files for syntax validation and completion (#23)
IBM/dbb-git-migration-modeler: schema/README.md

# Schemas for enabling syntax validation and completion in IDEs

> This folder contains the jsonschema files to be used by developers to enable their preferred YAML editor to perform syntax validation and completion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains the jsonschema files to be used by the DBB Git Migration Modeler users when performing syntax validation and completion with their preferred YAML editor.
```

## Index

| File | Purpose |
| --   |  --     | 

> | [application-descriptor-schema.json](application-descriptor-schema.json) | Schema for Application Descriptor files |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [application-descriptor-schema.json](application-descriptor-schema.json) | Schema for Application Descriptor file |
```

| [application-mapping-schema.json](application-mapping-schema.json) | Schema for Application Mapping file |
| [repository-paths-mapping-schema.json](repository-paths-mapping-schema.json) | Schema for Repository Paths mapping file |

## Sample configuration

> Please follow the instructions of your preferred YAML editor. The below bullets 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usage instructions differs depending on your preferred YAML editor.
```

> ## VS Code YAML extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### VS Code YAML extension
```

> To code YAML in VS Code, most users take advantage of the [YAML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml) extension by Red Hat. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To code YAML in VS Code, most users take advantage of the [RedHat YAML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml) extension. 
```
